Add client-side compilation mode descriptive content and how it is work in a real-life scenario (#4059)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.1/frontend-dev-guide/css-guide/css_quick_guide_mode.md

## Using client-side compilation mode

> When your Magento 2 instance is not in the production mode, you can implement the client-side compilation to compile .less files via the browser using the native less.js library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When your application is not in the production mode, you can set Magento to compile .less files in the browser, using the [native less library](http://lesscss.org/usage/#using-less-in-the-browser).
```

> Despite the fact that this kind of approach allows to instantly update CSS/LESS themes as soon as the page is reloaded in a browser, this results in exceptionally slow response times even if you are working on the localhost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although this approach updates CSS/LESS themes as soon as you save the page in the Admin UI or reload it on the storefront, this mode results in very slow response times, even when you are working on your localhost.
```

    ![Admin login page where the font of the buttons was changed]({{ site.baseurl }}/common/images/extend_less_screenshot221.png)

{:.bs-callout .bs-callout-info}

> Simple changes are applied immediately in client-side compilation mode. For more sophisticated changes, you might need to manually clean the theme sub-directory in the `pub/static/frontend` directory and generate a new deployment for the changes to have the desired effect. See [Styles debugging]({{ page.baseurl }}/frontend-dev-guide/css-topics/css_debug.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When your Magento instance is within the client side less compilation mode, simple changes are applied after saving or refreshing the page. For more sophisticated changes, you may need to manually clean the theme sub-directory in the `pub/static/frontend` directory and generate a new deployment for your changes to be displayed. See [Styles debugging]({{ page.baseurl }}/frontend-dev-guide/css-topics/css_debug.html).
```
